September 25, 1992.

(Toronto, Ontario) - Exis Inc., developers of the popular shareware
modem communications software Telix, today announced the sale and
transfer of rights to the program source code, trademark name, and
future sales of the program to former Exis Technical Support Manager,
Jeff Woods, for undisclosed terms.  No reason was given for the sale,
but Woods stated that both parties were in agreement that this was the
best course of action to ensure the long-term growth and prosperity of
the product.  The chief programmer of Telix releases to-date, Colin
Sampaleanu, will remain with Exis, working on other, unrelated projects.

Woods said Telix will be available from the new company, deltaComm
Development, located in Cary, North Carolina, and support and upgrade
pricing will continue to be offered to previous registered users.  A new
minor upgrade to Telix will also be released before year's end,
containing some of the more popular feature requests.  Some of these
features, according to the new owner, are script 'learning' capability,
easier learning curve for the powerful SALT scripting language, and the
'so-called' ANSI music capability. "Other ideas for this interim release
are being discussed as well," said Woods.

"Further development," he added, "will proceed very rapidly toward early
release of anticipated major revisions.  The minor release is mainly to
adjust the public to the new company behind the product, and to offer
some of the features of the major revision a bit early."

While declining to offer firm dates, Woods indicated that the current
development plan calls for two new major versions of Telix to be
released in early 1993, including "versions for more than one platform."
He said that many of the most common requests, such as mouse support,
would appear in these versions.

It was reported that deltaComm will also offer enhanced customer service
features, including toll free lines for ordering Telix from North
America, extended support hours to help those on the west coast or who
work late, and easier, faster shipping via UPS from the United States.
Woods stated more details will be released as they become available.

Woods noted that deltaComm is expected to be in full operation as of
October 5th in North Carolina and that Exis Inc. will not be taking
calls or orders in the week's interim.  The new contact information for
deltaComm at press time was as follows, though the phone numbers are
subject to change prior to installation by Southern Bell:

deltaComm Development          (919) 460-4556  voice support / inquiries
Post Office Box 1154           (919) 460-4531  dedicated fax
Cary, NC    27512-1154         (919) 481-9399  BBS (6 lines v.32bis/HST)
USA                            (800) ???-????  orders only, TBA

