A number of Telix users have been asking (on message boards and 
elsewhere) how to put on the status line the name of the system 
or BBS with which a connection has been made. Here's how to do it 
with a logon script. 

At the beginning of your .SLT file on a line somewhere above the 
line that reads "main()", enter the following line: 

     str name[15];
     
This creates a 15-character string called "name"; it is limited 
to 15 characters because that's how much room there is at the 
left end of the status line where "Alt-Z for Help" appears. Next, 
below the "main()" line and the "{" line, enter the following 
lines: 

     name="               ";
     pstraxy(name, 1, 24, 112);
     name=_entry_name;
     pstraxy(name, 1, 24, 112);
     clear_screen();

These lines blank out the left end of the status line (in case 
the name of the BBS or system is short) and enter the BBS/system 
name (or the first 15 characters if it is longer than that). The 
clear_screen() command takes the cursor out of the status line 
and puts it at the upper left corner of the screen.

When you have finished modifying your .SLT logon file, compile it 
with the CS.EXE program to make it readable by Telix. 

     NOTES:

     1. There are 15 spaces between the quotes in the line 
        name="               ";

     2. In the two pstraxy lines, the last number (112) prints 
        the BBS/system name in inverse video on a monochrome 
        system. Change that number (only) to customize the color 
        for your system. See the SALT manual. 

     3. Also in the two pstraxy lines, the number 24 presumes 
        that the status line is at the bottom of the screen. If 
        you have placed it at the top of the screen, each 24 
        should be 0 (zero).

     4. All of the lines that you add to your logon script must 
        end with a semicolon (;). 
 
     5. I have used this script addition with Telix 3.12, but I 
        can't vouch for using it with any other version of the 
        program. Enjoy.

                                Mike Zimmerman
                                CIS: 70717,313
                                GEnie: MJZIMMERMAN 
