    Significant Features of Executive Host v1.7 are:

    1.  Executive Host now supports multiple conferences!  The SysOp may
    setup up to 999 individual conferences, each with its own message base
    and file areas.  Conferences may be assigned their own security level
    to limit access to the message base and file areas.  Conferences may
    be public, semi-private or private, all depending on the SysOp's
    needs.

    2.  Executive Host now swaps completely out of Telix when executing
    the remote shell, running doors, and running the event.  All of
    your precious system memory is now available for running large
    programs from remote.

    3.  UTI drivers are now available to link the Executive Host mail
    system with Relaynet (RIMES) and other PCrelay compatible mail
    networks.  The MegaDoor and MegaReader offline mail door and reader
    are also compatible with Executive Host, so that callers may download
    new mail automatically, read and reply offline, and upload new
    messages directly into the message base.

    4.  A fast and powerful E-mail and message base system, now indexed
    for greater speed and performance.

    5.  External Protocols supported including Puma, MobyTurbo, and Bimodem.

    6.  A complete Filer and Systems Manager that uses your favorite
    editor.

    7.  Multiple bulletins, doors, and filelists allowed (up to 99 each).

    8.  File descriptions added to a Recent Uploads directory File.

    9.  Downloading from both the up and download directories.  In
    addition, an unlimited amount of download directories may be designated
    by the SysOp.  Any valid path on the computer system may now be used
    as a download directory for the Host (no limit).

   10.  Tagging of files for download is now available while viewing
    filelists.  Download batches of up to 5 files are allowed.  A batch
    process is also available even for non-batch protocols such as Xmodem.

   11.  CD-Rom compatible - will allow multi-user access to all CD-Rom
   disk libraries.

   12.  Ansi color mode that allows the display of ansi files/menus
   (defined by caller).

   13.  A text search system that searches file names, descriptions, even
   dates.

   14.  A comprehensive Doors system that supports GAP, RBBS and
   Doorway compatible doors (run TradeWars, Overkill, and More!).

   15.  Expert Mode and On-line Help available for all commands.

   16.  Complete Message System with word-wrap, delete message, replies,
   and private mail capabilities.

   17. Built in ability to view archived files (no external programs
   required).

   18. View of selected text files allowed for registered callers.

   19. SysOp Page with switch to turn on/off.

    Special SysOp Features:

    1.  Powerful Sysop Terminal Commands including,
        A. Drop to DOS while caller is on-line.
        B. Edit UserFile while caller is on-line.
        C. Kill switch for disorderly callers (not literally).
        D. Temporarily raise or lower security level of caller on-line.
        E. Add/subtract 5 minutes from caller's time.
        F. Chat mode.

    2.  Versatile Shell options for drop to DOS including,
        A. Auto-Detection of Doorway and use of Doorway and Door.sys.
        B. Auto-Creation of Door.sys and drop.bat files if they don't
        exist.
        C. Use of SysOp's own drop to DOS method through batch file.
        D. Last resort of DOS CTTY redirection.

    3.  Remote User Editor including,
        A. Ability to add new users to system.
        B  SysOp able to upgrade/downgrade caller's security level.
        C. Ability to view user list with names, passwords, security
        levels. (All may be accomplished from remote)

    4.  Powerful Remote SysOp Utilities including,
        A. DOS command Line.
        B. Read caller's log.
        C. Remote shut-down of host.
        D. Ability to view any file, archived or not, anywhere on
        system.
        E. Ability to download or upload to anywhere on system.

    5.  Comprehensive Filer and Sysop Utility Screens including,
        A. Menu-driven editing of all important batch and data files.
        B. A filer option that adds new files to directories with
        descriptions.
        C. An option that adds descriptions automatically from an
        existing list.
        D. Options that allow sorting and verification of Directory
        files.

    Other Features:

    1.  Multiple security levels allowing SysOp control over
        unregistered callers.
    2.  New trashcan file for weeding out undesirable callers.
    3.  New user script questionaire that can be modified or added
        to by the sysop.
    4.  Option that takes phone off hook while performing certain
        functions.
    5.  Daily time limit may be defined by SysOp.
    6.  Daily Event batch file may be run automatically.
    7.  Screen Saver for waiting for call screen.
    8.  Utility batch file may be run after each upload.
    9.  Many other important features too numerous to mention.
