			2Morrow Product Information


			    Building Realities
			  Using 2Morrow's Tools
		      By Todd Porter & Joseph Chicago


Virtual Reality..... 

     Everyone's heard of it. Now there's a PC based set of tools that
combine the robust features and rendering power of expensive, commercial
products with an incredibly low price. This is the future - this is 2Morrow

WHAT ARE 2MORROW'S TOOLS? 

     2Morrow's PC Virtual Reality tools are a set of three products;  an
interactive, graphical (GUI) World Builder, a 3D Object Modeling CAD
program, and a Runtime Module

WHAT DO THEY DO? 

     We'll get into that on the next page, but in a nutshell, 2Morrow's
Tools let you design, create, manipulate, and 'enter' 3D Virtual Reality
Worlds on your own PC. Everything from basic "Walkthru's" to full-blown
software programs can be designed using the 2Morrow Tools.

OH, SO I SO HAVE TO BE A PROGRAMMER? 

     Not at all! Using the World Builder, Object Modeler, and Runtime
Module, you can create sophisticated worlds, complete with animation and
full mobility without ever writing a line of code. If you have the
experience and you wish to create your own programs using the tools, you
can do that as well with the Function Library (optional).  The choice is yours,
depending on your particular needs.

WHAT IF I *CAN* PROGRAM A PC? (optional) 

     Then you'll be limited only by your imagination and talent. 
2Morrow's Function Library is a complete C-callable set of routines that
let you render and manipulate 3D objects, move freely throughout 3D
worlds, add exciting graphics and animation, integrate joystick, mouse,
gloves, and stereoscopic viewers, and a whole bunch more.

HOW MUCH HORSEPOWER DOES MY PC NEED? 

     2Morrow's Tools run on any 386 or higher machine with standard VGA
graphics. There's no need to purchase expensive new hardware.  However, if
the machine has it, the Tools will take full advantage of faster CPU's,
extended/expanded memory, hi-res graphics, accelerator boards, 3D
controllers, stereoscopic viewers, power gloves, and a wide array of
existing hardware products.

NICE, BUT HOW DOES IT COMPARE WITH COMMERCIAL PRODUCTS? 

     That's the beauty of it - on a feature basis, we think it compares
favorably - on a price basis it's hundreds and even thousands less than
anything that can touch it. And yes, 2Morrow's Tools do have features that
are not found anywhere else, at any price.

OKAY, OKAY, WHAT DO THESE TOOLS DO? 

     Okay.....Let's discuss the most fundamental aspect of a Virtual World
- Objects. An object can be anything from a flat wall to a human figure.
Pretty much anything that 'shows up' in your world is an object. Although
the Tools come with about 60 precreated 3D objects, everyone's bound to
want some special ones.  Perhaps a mockup of a building, a certain car, a
character, a tree, whatever. Well, the package includes the 2Morrow 3D CAD
program that you use to 'draw' your objects. This product is as robust as
they come. You can import/export PLG files, design simple or
complex objects, tween, surface, rotate, scale, paint, and manipulate
polygons, and just about anything else you'd want to do.  The Tools also
support the .PLG file format so you can use any of the hundreds of
precreated objects floating around modem space.  Alright, objects were
step one. Next, you arrange your objects in a "World" using the 2Morrow
World Builder. This product is a mouse- driven, interactive graphic world
design tool that lets you place, move, paint, scale, rotate, arrange,
load, delete, and save objects and world files. You can also do things
like add a gradient-shaded horizon to your world, select sky and ground
colors, zoom factors, and lighting values...even link in a text script
file that will animate your objects while you're inside your world! This
easy-to- use tool includes pull-down menus, a toolbar, icons, mouse and
joystick support, and hooks to utility programs you can use. Good.  With
those two tools you've created your very own world, now what?  The 2Morrow
Runtime Module. This EXE program allows you to 'enter' the worlds you
create in a real-time atmosphere. You're free to move around, grab
objects, move things, change lighting, or just walk around and see the
sights. You can also create an automated effect that leads you through the
world without you ever having to move around yourself (a flyby.) There, a
complete Virtual World without any programming! This Module has many
options and features that can be discovered in the 2Morrow Demo Program.
We'll tell you how to get a free copy at the end of this article. The
fourth step, if desired, is a complete C-callable function library (optional) that
let's programmers use all of the features available in the Runtime Module
in any way they wish. For writing games, simulations, training
aids...Anything.

HOW ABOUT SOME SPECIFIC FEATURES?  

Sure. How about these.....  

* runs on any 386 or higher vga system 
* takes full advantage of extended/expanded memory 
* includes 3D Modeler, World Builder, and Runtime Module 
* NO ROYALTIES
* many 3D objects included 
* commercial-quality rendering speeds 
* generates 3D virtual worlds without any programming
* freely move through your worlds in a real-time atmosphere 
* link scripts for full animations within your worlds 
* interact with mouse/joystick/keyboard/glove and 3D devices 
* multiple camera angles 
* adjustable lighting, zoom factors, and shading 
* create your own sky, ground, and horizon effects 
* view your worlds in stereoscopic 3D 
* design and create your worlds with interactive, graphics tools 
* save up to thousands of dollars off comparable products 

SO HOW MUCH *DO* THE 2MORROW TOOLS COST? 

     The complete development environment, including 3D Modeler/CAD
program, graphics World Builder, and Runtime Module is $89.00 US!

NO WAY! A FAST, RENDERING PACKAGE FOR UNDER 100 BUCKS? 

     That's right. This package was developed by a couple of down to earth
guys that want to put it in the hands of people who can use and benefit
from it, not people with huge wallets.  

WHAT CAN THIS PACKAGE BE USED FOR? 

     Just about anything. Architectural walkthrus, games, simulations,
training programs, design tools, you name it. There's no need
to purchase anything else, everything from drawing objects to moving
through worlds is included in the Tools. You could do a mockup of your
home or office, rearrange furniture, paint walls, and then freely walk
around and check out your changes in real-time, from any angle!  Using a
device like the Mattel Power Glove, you can create surgical training aids 
and simulations. You come up with the idea, 2Morrow's Tools let you bring 
it to life.


	COMPARING 2MORROW'S TOOLS WITH COMMERCIAL PACKAGES


     Several VR packages are available today. And, quite frankly, both
commercial and non-commercial products are very good.  2Morrow's Tools
bring the power of commercial products and the price of non-commercial
products together for an unbeatable value.  Let's take a closer look... 
VREAM is a great package that includes a world builder and runtime module.
It has textures and acceptable speed, animations, and integrates with
several 3D devices. It does not offer a programming function library and
costs about $500.  RENDERWARE is a high-power package that offers
textures, speed, and runs under the popular windows format. It is strictly
for programmers, offering no runtime module, no world builder, and costs
about $10,000.  VIRTUAL REALITY STUDIO is a low-cost, nicely featured
package. It has no textures, no programming function library, and isn't as
fast as some of the more expensive products.

  2MORROW'S TOOLS offer speed, a 3D CAD program, World Builder, and 
Runtime Module. Integrates with several 3D devices, has scripting and
animations, multiple screen resolutions, and costs under $100. 

     Well, this concludes our discussion of the 2Morrow Tools.  We've
tried to include as much information as possible in this space. If you'd
like to see the Tools in action, you can download a demo program from
CompuServe. Go CyberForum. Library 2, "Building Realities" under the
filename "2MDEMO.EXE" The authors of the program can be reached on
CompuServe mail as well.  Or just grab it from the ftp site: 
gate.net/pub/users/porter/2mdemo.exe

     We would also like to extend a special THANKS to Mark Stanley,
Compuserve ID# 72632,524, for some excellent BETA testing!!

If you would like to contact us for more information, or would like a 
demo mailed to you, send a self-addressed, stamped envelope with a 3.5 
floppy disk to: 

			2Morrow Incorporated
			Attn: Todd Porter
			7595 Baymeadows Cir. W. 
			Suite #1616
			Jacksonville, FL 32256


Or contact us on Compuserve in the CYBERFORUM or at:

Todd Porter:
C$erve:   76505,1574 
Internet: porter@gate.net

 		      Good Luck With Your Own Virtual Worlds! 
